["la sonrisa perfecta","gonna check your oil with it","night and light
and the half-light","that hold us in derision","laugh and mock my lack
of you","watching your chest rise and fall","i can have the Krokus
kit","I would really like some pie","a bottle in front of me","a frontal
lobotomy","of some secret sorcery","torpedoes to the contras","hamcake
is not in the dict.","his git commit said testing","git blame that
motherfucker","let's play thermonuclear war","maura wanted some
dessert","show me your pole enhancement","what is your ready by
date","have you written unit tests","this is not a badge of shame","I
don't care about whitespace","five ten dance party starts now","fridge
clean out is on friday","who has the pink pony hat","welcome to the
party cube","the dude has a rice cooker","dude, you've got to pace
yourself.","someone set up us the bomb","don't use that
elevator","ok. no more phrases yet","half his team quit this past
week","ninjas could not stop my code","i am the pusher robot","hackers
of the world unite","google wave solves this problem","are we at zero
bugs yet?","they should have sent a poet","game over man game over","ask
brian about shomit","this is an HR free zone","Google's not giving me
mutch","terrible secret of space","veatch of olay makes skin
young","victory or cake or death","if there was a problem, yo","move it
to the done column","'cause I'm sailing on a boat","wenis is not a word
dude","is it man... or astro-man?","there's sausage in the
breakroom","courtesy of mr burns","earn more sessions by sleeving","my
crust was full of gluten","dance until the morning light","this is not
five syllables","installing styrofoam nuns","I am speedballing tranq
darts","the wizard of speed and time","jalapeno in my nose","Yaroslav
Shirokov, aye","matt, I don't know what that means","Friday is No Pants
Friday","It turns out I am crazy","Just because it has seven","doesn't
mean you should add it.","one two three four five six eight","seven
sucks as a number","database is full of junk","It's better than bad,
it's good.","astrochicken might eat you","remove the requirement","Para
bailar La Bamba","Yo no soy marinero","Happy Happy joy joy joy!","it's a
visual question","had to drill my own bung hole.","Michael Burns can't
count to five","must be the neurotoxin","James likes them Shirley
Temples","I'll pull it out of my branch","Clay's brick is of adobe","i
didn't write that function","Going to grab some hummus","Pancakes don't
ride bicycles","The blind leading the naked","hobo's etymology","His
nineteen year old girlfriend","Go into exile, I must","Elevators
working, two","I can kill you with my brain","Who reset all my
commits?!","there be patterns on me shirt","There is fruit in the break
room","Vickers Vimy paints skies red","wanna practice the fire
drill","go tell that long-tongued liar","go tell that midnight
rider","Soft-tabs aint a metaphor","I too was once a peasant","dev is
very very slow","We should practice escaping","olga took the network
down","jjo's crocks, they are squeaky","are we still only on 2","we
can't go on together","i am the goddamn batman","echoes in eternity","I
don't have a winter coat","grow your own coat, use rogaine","rather
death than dishonor","i'd hammer in the morning","boom, proactive on
your ass","just seventeen sylables","contaminate my sausage","while my
guitar gently weeps","sheesh, I cannot type today","snapping fingers
everywhere","are there bongos and beatniks?","Sausage is my Lucky
Charms","it seems we're out of coffee","tease template fetcher
faster","justin is a team player","Dora was the pinata","the grim reaper
with a smile","line 2 has 8 syllables","ono is his middle name","I
cherry-picked your commit","olga is the champion","Carlos Spicywiener
here","sounds like the inception plot","It's time for Dunkin
Donuts","you are our ticket ninja","The microwave smells like
feet","incapacitatingly","who said top forty was good?","who's adding
all these VMs","damn oatmeal blood is awesome","I wish I was surfing
there","I just restarted your build","deploys progress the branch
head","Is there a step I'm missing?","zero lines about bungholes","be
careful with your soy sauce","be careful with your soy suace","be
careful with your soy sauce","careful with your soy sauce be ","careful
be with your soy sauce ","declare haiku bankruptcy","Like so many before
him","Barfing ERROR in my term","Cliff was a cool breakdancer","did we
take out the dope one?","I want my cheese to squeeze out","Enough to
bend the leaves","and i'm having a wiggins","maybe it chews you like
cud","the girls over there do not","fuck it, we will do it
live","internet explorer, death","Michael Burns can count,
dammit!","should not have had the venti","Star Date 12345","I'm taking
off for the night","No more. My DB is full!","You broke my poll
enhancement","the assjack sees his shadow","I've had a Royal with
Cheese","never trust honey bunnies","That include honey
bunnies?","Yolanda, what's Fonzie like?","Why's it gotta be
Chinese??","I owe it to Karaboo","okay, this song's for Gabi","check,
check, check is in the mail","Please consume jelly doughnut","Pendingo
was his name-o","Planes Trains and Automobiles","\"Whitespace\" changes
everything.","sevens never come in pairs","Laufet, BrÃ¼der, eure
Bahn,","brunch is boorish and uncouth","yshirokov nods and rolls","I
live to amuse mchace","The fruit, thank god the fruit's here","How willy
is your nilly?","Oh, the light it hurts my eyes","Firing the push -f
gun","France surrenders easily","a cubicle paradise","SQL: three
syllables","butthurt dictator for life","ultramegasuperloathe","not an
accident, my friend","you know I'm a genius, right?","i can do this shit
all day","Swedish babies are flat-packed","Earn more sessions by
sleeving","it tastes like office coffee","oh no, buffer underflow","You
have to use the colon","My rebase is hanging now","my subconscious self
wanders","Kind of like when olga talks","increasingly radiant","but git
does it in reverse","frozen ice cold migration","rebase the hell out of
it","the war of #all against #all","smart people do stupid
things","premature celebrations","he who rebases must
force","\u000301you can now finger croddy\u0003","unhappy dentist
visit","my native one ceased being","Hudson can't parse XML","soon i
will be president","my minority report","Time to hoe the potatoes","git
push it to the limit","safety word is cherry-pick","tomatoes,
motherfucker","shit. this suddenly got difficult","no more nerf
injuries, please!","a handful of centuries","I am a meat
popsicle","please don't taunt the universe","hey ryan, ryan,
ryan...","unicorns eat magic hay","helps make the rage go away","oh god,
the wrong database","do you guys ALL have laptops?","brew install
kegerator","Richard Stallman shoots puppies","pointy end of the
raindrop","my life has meaning again","up to speed on the
slowdown","hope's always the first option","the database is on fire","he
had to throw out his shoes","put your junk in a try...catch","year of
the linux desktop","A fuckin' mountain lion","hero of the great space
war","puppet can't do what you want","Angry Birds on the
crapper","Keeping the porcelain warm","LOL that sounds
dirty","weed-fueled ruby programmers","grande mocha, no coffee","what
saith the god of wine?","Made from the mangosteen fruit","Run another
name by me","The Honey Bunches of Pain","it's like ashes in my
mouth","that commercial makes me cry","my jokes don't have to
compile","That build isn't even done","one-line changes never are","My
voice? It has gravitas.","the taco salad nachos","a terrible
oppression","Punches Heisel IN THE FACE!","SELECT * FROM your_momma;","I
am the pusher robot","Oh, I want to do models","when you dye it, you
kill it","That was my crap-ass guess too.","Yes, that was my crap-ass
guess.","hang on while I flush the logs","guess i'll recreate my
venv","Destroyer of shite ad scripts!","Assume anarchy -- grab
one.","Liliiputian code reviews","with brevity in my cod","I got
knighted last night, dude!","mai tai caught me by surprise","Just don't
snort the Pixy Stix","I didn't go through your drawers","go through
Bronosky's drawers","What the hell is a brisk wind?","Everything you
know is wrong","a swift and brutal failure","all sympathetic and
shit","have pinpoint accuracy","no need for an interview","out the door,
down the dark road ","your axioms are bogus","name all the ninja
turtles","a pox on both their houses","power of castle gitskull","kill
some apps so I don't swap","my banana must be
ripe","nebulously-functional","don't make me snap my fingers","it be
faults pretty prints json","a superfluous chicken","king sh*t and the
golden boys","bad munin makes croddy cry","as we go up, we go
down","papa was a rodeo","monkeypatch the queryset","a matter of life
and death","Bananas are huge today","hey, who ordered the monkey?","i
just wanna index shit","i just wanna index shit.","Coverage wants to
hurt me.","winter of my discontent","a bag of crap to rebase","anyone
want to party?","monetizing tragedy","anyone want to party?","some
cheese to go with that whine?","thank you for volunteering!","it is a
clever cleaver","and bingo was his name-o","it truly is so severe","the
haskell at all to use","olga haiku add sevens","And that's not a
euphemism","Fast and dirty JavaScript","Is this a father / son
thing?","Wanna get a hotel room?","Every day I'm hustlin'","A matter of
life and death","Why won't they just disappear?","you're not thug if
you're not CLUG","I want CMG fight club.","Her database isn't
full.","Ham donut. Sweet? Savory?","mission: refuse this
mission!","taking pictures of my beard","ap jobs are piling up","why do
robots always yell","why does he have to be blind?","these short ribs
are made with love","Please don't push me down the stairs.","I dreamed
you rm -r'd me","Drinking instead of cleaning.","Move away from my
in-laws.","Five Points is always nearby","you shall be faithful to
it","Friggin' love me some ponies.","i'll take a shot in the
heart","Brit needs poll enhancement help","the little man's green
arrow","pop everything off itself","I've considered a bookmark.","It's
gonna take an airplane","Socket is not connected.","it's like nike, just
shipit","and the tease templatetag too","Mad spark, go back to your
shroud!","the thing you need to know is","Offline with someone who
cares.","tomorrow you will be paid","You missed the damned lightning
bolt.","That boring ass twangy shit.","I don't know what I'm doing","a
matter of life and death","Butler killed all the sevens","Shit. I
brought the wrong laptop."]
